From hanselminutes.com. It's Hansel
minutes, but weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number three 38. Recorded
live Thursday, September 20th, 2012. This episode
is brought to you by
Tellerik offering the best in
developer tools and support online@telerikdotcomandbyfranklins.net
training developers to work smarter
and now offering gesture pack
a powerful gesture, recording and
recognition system for Microsoft connect
for windows developers details@gesturepak.com. In
this episode, Scott talks with
Anthony Vander horn and Nick
Molnar about the open source
project glimpse. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman. This is another
episode of Hansel minutes, and
today the glimpse guys are
back Anthony Vander horn calling
in from Australia and Nick
Molnar from New York. Thanks guys
for coming on the show
and updating us on what's
going on with glimpse. No
problem, Scott. Thanks for having
us. Thanks for having us
so big stuff since I
saw you last, I feel
like I've kind of been
a, a watch or a
part of, in some small
way, this whole experience from
the moment that I saw
you guys at mix, I
want to say it was
mixed 2011 at the open
source Fest. Is that right?
Yeah. Yeah, that's right. It
was a pretty great experience
and it's, it's still very
surreal in my mind, The
whole experience that we had.
Yeah, it was, it was
crazy. Basically we were at
this open source festival. It
was, I think it was
John Papa's opensource festival. And
basically people were showing their
open source projects and somebody
grabbed me. I think it
was Phil hack and said,
you've got to see this,
you know, and that happens
a lot, but Phil grabbing
me and, and he says,
come and look at this.
And he, within about five
minutes, I was like, Oh
my goodness, this is going
to be awesome. And then
a glimpse was born, right?
A glimpse. It's a, it's
a client side, open source
tool. It looks like Firebug.
And if you looked at
it just briefly, you might
say, Oh, this is just
a plugin. It's just Firebug.
But then you start realizing
that this is a, you
know, a book for the
server and it's implemented entirely
in JavaScript. It's an amazing,
amazing tool. I love using
it. Nick, how do you
describe it? What's your elevator
speech for glimpse? You know,
we, we like to give
the, the For the server.
One of the things that
we've been talking a little
bit more about is it's
kind of like the, And
your car, it's got all
the gauges and dials and
information that you really need
to take to take the
journey. And it's By trifecta
of web development, debugging tools
where you have your F
12 tool Like Firebug or
the IAE tools, you have
a Fiddler kind of in
the middle and sits on
the, and then you Have
glimpse which sits on the
server. And all three of
those are very important points
of view when you're doing
your work. Yeah, absolutely. The
other thing that's amazing about
clumps that I've enjoyed was
one that you guys were
very early to adopt new,
get as a, a way
to get it installed. You
know, I always use glimpse,
Elma and mini profiler has
kind of like the, the
triumvirate of awesome open source
debugging tools. And Elma was
one of the first from
gosh now almost 10 years.
But the thing about Elmo
was that it required someone
to go and get a
zip file and download it
and unzip it and unblock
it and put it in
web config and do all
this work, new, get solved
that and glimpse, I would
guess probably glimpse would be
pretty hard to set up
if it wasn't for new
and you guys went right
for it. So you can
just go file new project,
install, package, glimpse, and boom.
You're ready to go. Yeah.
That's pretty much it certainly
for us new, it's been
a great release vehicle for
getting our packages out there.
It's got, you know, updates
built into it takes care
of anything we need in
the web config. Yeah. All
of that new get provides
us. And we've been very
fair. Very happy with it.
No, recently just let me
see here about a week
and a half ago, there
was a blog post up
on the red gate blog
that said that you guys
have quit your jobs and
you are now working for
red gate. Are you employees
of red gate? Technically? Yes.
So at the moment they're
paying out wages and allowing
us to, which allows us
to quit our job and
to be able to do
glimpse full time And quit
your job. So when you
say technically yes. I mean,
you are a, an employee,
like you'll have healthcare and
you'll have not a consultant.
No. Okay. So yeah, at
the moment, strictly speaking, we're
contractors, because we're still figuring
out some of the final
details because it turns out
trying to get international contracts
signed and all that sort
of stuff is a time
consuming process, but yeah, ultimately
all that stuff will be
taken care of. I remember
when having kind of candid
conversations with you guys over
dinner, a couple of times
that trying to figure out
how to make this work
with your existing jobs was,
was a problem. I mean,
it was almost like, you
know, you had this open
source thing, you were doing
it on the side and
the suddenly it became popular
and it's like, well, how
do we, how do we
do this right without well
finding balance, right. Do we
quit? Do we try to
sell it? Do we try
to productize it? I mean,
how many different things did
you think about Nick to,
to, to make glimpse more
than a hobby? Oh, you
know, About a lot of
different things we thought about
selling glimpse or selling updates
to glimpse or selling various
plugins that we, that we
could create. But I think
you hit the nail on
the head. We kind of
went from zero to 60
with glimpse. We released it
at open source fast. And
within a couple of weeks
we had 20,000 users and
supporting them and keeping up
with bugs and all that
kind of stuff was, there
was a lot of psychic
weight to having a successful
open source project. So, you
know, we, we had looked
around to see if anybody
was interested in letting us
work on this full time.
And everything had kind of
quiet quite a down to
be honest with you. I
think Anthony and I were
content that this was always
going to be a hobby
for us. And we had
learned to not take ourselves
so seriously when out of
the blue red gate had
contacted us and said, Hey,
listen, we really, really love
glimpse. And we'd like to
see more happening with it.
What can we do? And
that started that communication channel.
There has been some, some
backlash on comments on both
on your blog and on
the red gate blog. And
you know, a number of
people are saying, Hey, this
is great. Good for you.
Other folks are saying, you
know, wow, Nick and Anthony
just got a big old
pile of money. Presumably there
was like, you know, doubloons
and all, you know, big,
huge piles of pirate, booty
shit. Was this a situation
where it's just like, Hey,
we want to go work
on full time and we're
going to become like, I
wouldn't say kept, but you
know how you, you have
a benefactor, you know what
I mean? You have a
benefactor and red gate. I
mean, did they buy you
or buy you out? Did
they buy the intellectual property?
Yeah. So this is the
interesting thing, you know, the
best words put how this
is works is that red
gate is supporting us. So
in terms of open source
stuff, Nick and I still
control the licensing. So, you
know, if they, even, if
they wanted to, you know,
close the licensing often make
it impossible for people to
use. They couldn't do that
because that's something Nick and
I still use Nick and
I still control, you know,
for a get hub who
has contributor access and they
can't remove me and Nick
and all that sort of
stuff. So Nick and I
are still, you know, holding
the keys to the castle
as it were. And so,
yeah, I guess you could
look at the arrangement as
being a bit of a
benefactor, but, you know, I
choose to see it as
that they support us in
trying to help the community.
And part of that support
is, you know, we have
a designer working with us
at the moment to try
and help, you know, in
redo our website and come
up with a better UI
and all this sort of
stuff and other resources like
testing and whatever else. So
yeah, that, that's the sort
of support that we're getting
from them. You know, when,
when let's rotor, who I
consider a friend sold a
reflector to red gate, he
was in a similar situation
where he was working at
Microsoft, had this really popular
thing on the side, you
know, couldn't figure out a
way to monetize. It gave
it over to red gate.
Red gate says, you know,
hooray, we'll make this thing
free. And then, you know,
a year later kind of
gets nailed because they decided
to start charging and now
it's popping up registration. And
frankly, I don't even use
reflector anymore just because it
was just, it put a
bad taste in everyone's mouth.
And so everyone's kind of
picking on you and they're
saying that this is where
open source goes to die.
When, when you approach red
gate or they approached you,
was that your friend of
knee jerk reaction was like,
Oh no, not again. How
did you get past that?
Of course, when w so
red gate approached us and
when they did, we said,
Oh, Hey, you're the reflector
people, How's it going? Yeah,
There was a lot of
trepidation, you know, it was
like going on a blind
date with somebody for the
first time. You don't really
know what they're going to
look like until you sit
down in a room with
them and, and have a
meal. And that's exactly what
we did, Anthony. And I
went out to, to England
and we sat with them
for a few days. And
we were real honest with
them about how we were
worried. Some of the history
of what's happened to them,
kind of, frankly, they'd been
beaten up by the community
and that they have a
black guy. And, you know,
I have to say that
we came away really impressed
with how much they've kind
of looked back at what
they did and the lessons
that they've learned. And they
understand that that was not
how they want to be
dealing with the community. And
that they're trying to learn
from those lessons and move
forward. And I think glimpse
glimpses as much about a
technology as it is about
the community for red gate.
And we have, you know,
obviously we're biased, but we
we've had a lot of
conversations with regain. And we
really do believe that they're
trying to do what's best
and trying to move on
from past mistakes at this
time. So, so it sounds
like you kind of set
this thing up where there's
a rip cord. I mean,
in the sense of you
really do own the IP,
they are your benefactor. They
didn't buy you this. Isn't
like a glimpse buyout, kind
of a thing. They're there,
they're supporting two full time
guys and giving you designers
and stuff to make something
better for the community. But,
you know, is this an
indefinite thing, would you at
some, would they call you
one day and say, Hey,
we need you to work
on, on super widget, 2.0,
can you stop working on
re on glimpse for awhile?
Or, Yeah. So at the
moment it's an indefinite thing.
And I guess what you're
describing with the rip cord
could be accurate. I really
hope it never comes to
that. But in theory, you
know, discussions we've had is,
you know, look, if someone
does something evil or something
like that, you know, we,
we can walk away from
it, you know, and do
what's right for the community.
And we've even had discussions
that, you know, and this
doesn't make sense now, but
in the future, we'd love
to see a glimpse go
the way of like jQuery
and you know, where there's
a board of people who
are looking after the future
of where glimpse is going.
And, you know, Nick and
I may be on that,
or we may not be
someone from red gate may
be on that, but may
not be, but the community
is deciding the future. And
right now we does that
make Sense. You know, that's
a level of conversation we've
been having and it's kind
of like, well, you know,
there's not quite enough, the
same volume of people you're
using glimpse at the moment
is there is jQuery, but
that's, that's where we see
what the future to go.
And so, yeah, I think
it's, it's, it's really interesting
what's going to happen. And,
you know, I think everyone's
committed to the open source
nature of this. And I
think the other thing that
we all discovered in this
process was there's a difference
between something being closed source
and free and something being
open source and free. And,
you know, when looking at
all of this, those nuances
start coming out and, you
know, to the outside person
free is free, but you
know, to us, you know,
create developing open source software,
it's rather important. That's cool.
That's comforting to know that.
I mean, I was a
little, a little kind of
worried. I mean, I know
that I know that they're
not evil, but like you
said, they have a black
eye and I think that's
the thing. So this is
an opportunity for them to
fix that, which is really
cool. So it sounds like
we are not going to
see banner ads in glimpse,
and we're not going to
see popups that require email
addresses that get harvested in
Columbia. No, yeah. That was
something we're very concerned about
as well. And it's amazing
how much back and forth
we did on some of
this in, in a good
way, you know, testing boundaries
and saying, well, what if
this happened? And what if
that happened? And at the
end of the day, it
was like, well, if we,
if we contain a remain
control of the licensing and
we retain control of who
has committed access, you know,
if someone even tried to
do that, whether it's red
gate or someone from the
community, it's like, well, we
pull your access and we
undo what you did. And
let's say, Nick and I
went to the dark side,
we've already said to all
of our major contributors, look,
we charge you with, if
something bad happens or there's
something happening that you don't
like, you know, please take
it in the right direction
for the community That is
different than reflector and the
reflector situation. There was no
opportunity for somebody to take
the code and quote unquote
rescue it. Yes. And so,
you know, that's where we
see a big difference in
what's going on and a
huge opportunity for the community.
And I think this is
kind of a first, as
far as I can see
for the.net community. And part
of what makes me really
excited is that you can
have a passion project that
is open source and, you
know, one day, you know,
it could lead to something.
And back when we during
open source first, that was
never a consideration, but it's
actually starting to happen, But,
but not every open source
project is big enough or
interesting enough or compelling enough
for, for someone to say,
I'll be your benefactor much
less, you know, two benefactors,
you know, what is it,
what's in it for them
other than rebuilding Goodwill? Well,
I mean, they're, they're not
going to disillusion anybody. And
they've been very honest about
this and it was part
of the red gate blog
post on, on their blog,
because one of the great
things about clamps is from
day one, we've always had
an extensibility model. The ability
to add tabs via new
get, has always been there.
And so, you know, they
see a future in which
they could potentially take some
of their existing technologies and
start to build, pay for
plugins on top of glimpse.
So imagine something like the
power of ants, performance profiler,
which gets way deeper into
the dot and to.net than
we do. Or we can
imagine that technology surfacing itself
in glimpse for every request
or things like that. I
mean, your mind can kind
of run wild. Yeah. Oh
no, that totally makes sense.
Actually, that reminds me of
image, resizing imagery, sizer guy.
Do you remember that image
resizer.net is this amazing tool
that lets you, you know,
resize images correctly, but what
he does is he gives
you the free open source
version. And then if you
want like it to work
in Azure, it's like 99
bucks or something. So that's
actually good. So that means
that there is a truly
open, full opensource version of
glimpse. I would say for
version, the glimpse is period,
full stop, open source and
free. And then if you
go and buy red gate
products and are also using
glimpse, then glimpse lights up
with profiler stuff or reflect
your stuff or, you know,
whatever, whatever they feel like
doing, but it's all done
via plugins. You got it
now. Okay. And the great
thing is, is it's not
just red gate limited to
that surface area either. So
if some other company wanted
to create their great technology
and put it on top
of the glimpse platform and
deliver it just via that
mechanism, it's available for them
to do it as well.
Okay. Okay, cool. So let's
talk tech then, because I
know that a lot of
work has been put into
extensibility specifically, and you've got
glimpse a 1.0 CTP. Does
that mean it's like a
beta of one point, Oh
Yeah. It is like a
C like a beta. We,
we borrowed the Microsoft terminology
there. So it's a community
technology preview. No problem. It's
like, Hey, you, you probably
invented that term. I would
like to know when glimpse
1.0, CTP one September refresh
comes out because that's, Well,
we're working on magic unicorns
right now. So when that's
done. Okay. So this release
is focused primarily at the
30 or so people who
have built plugins on top
of glimpse already, the glimpse
that's that's live, which is
version zero dot eight seven,
because we've got a lot
of feedback from the community
and from Microsoft directly that
they would like to see
support for things like self
hosted web API, or for
web frameworks that run on
a stack like Owen. And
so what we've done is
we've completely rearchitected glimpse to
no longer have a dependency
on system dot web and
thus no longer have a
dependency on IIS because of
that, there have been some
interface changes, which means that
plugin authors to support glimpse
one dot Oh, moving forward,
they're going to have to
make some slight changes to
their plugins. So the CTP
release is not really aimed
at end users. It's aimed
at authors who are interested
in building on top of
the platform so they can
get their hands on the
interfaces, provide us feedback and
have time to do the
port before we make a
final release. Okay. So things
that I would think that
I would want in glimpse
would be like a like
page inspector, which I think
is really cool on the
Microsoft side. Have you talked
to those guys at all?
Yeah. Well, we have actually
talked to those guys and
they're actually wanting to extend
the, provide a model that
they have there to surface
the cool data that they're
doing a lot of hard
work to actually gather. And
it would mean that instead
of just being restricted to
page inspector inside of visual
studio, you could use any
browser on your development machine
to get access to that
data. And, you know, it
potentially depending on how, what
the implementation is like any
server. So you could be
running in your UAT environment
and hover your mouse around
the screen and actually see
what partial renders, you know,
rendered what content. And that's
pretty cool. And you just,
you said a minute ago,
I think it was Nick
about Owen and people who
are listening may not know
what that means. Oh, w
I N open web interface
for.net. And you talk a
little bit about that and
why people kind of on
the cutting edge are excited
about it. Sure. What Owen
does is it's, it's very
similar to kind of rack
on the Ruby side from
my understanding. I'm not an
expert in it by any
means, but essentially it is
a, yet another layer of
indirection in between the web
development framework that you choose
to use, whether that be
something like MVC or web
forms or, you know, castle
mano or whatever it is
and the underlying host, so
that hosts might be IIS,
or it might be something
a little bit lower level,
like a service that you
might write yourself, particularly useful
and restful type scenarios, or
there's a bunch of open
source implementations being written. But
what that allows you to
do is kind of own
a little bit more of
the stack and make the
stack more portable, as long
as we're talking about IRL
and web, everything that writes
to Owen is kind of,
kind of even across the
board. Okay. So let me
see if I got this
right, because I want to
see my paraphrase and you
tell me if I get
it correctly. So things like,
like WCF in the past
had a thing called self
hosting where you could, or
service activator, where you could
have a, an HTTP service
or a TCP service fired
up in a console app
or in a windows service.
And you would bypass IIS
entirely right now, asp.net and
IIS kind of are, are
married. They're kind of signed
me. I wouldn't say married.
They're more Siamese twins with
a little fabric of, of,
of, of a attachment there.
And Owen, you described it
as yet another layer of
indirection, but it probably could
also be described as a
way to decouple something like
asp.net from any web server.
So then theoretically, I could
fire up asp.net in a
console app or in a
service or in, on Apache
even I suppose, is that,
is that a fair characterization?
Exactly. That's my understanding. And
what's really interesting about that
is because there's a common
way to right down to
kind of the networking stack
and back up to the
web app, there's a concept
called middleware that lives in
Owen where something like glimpse
could plug in and work
almost universally across web development,
frameworks and web servers or,
or your own server, as
you said, in the console
application. And that's, that's pretty
exciting to us in a
future where Owen is utilized
more often we could see
sequence kind of fitting in
there really nicely. Okay. Okay,
cool. And then web API
is out now and it's
kind of part of the
larger one asp.net. Are you
guys on board with that
whole concept? Yeah. So we've
actually had discussions with web
API guys and, you know,
we, we pretty much know
where we need to hook
in, and it's just a
matter of time trying to
find the time to do
that. You know, back when
we released it open source
first, you would have thought
it was a pretty safe
assumption to take dependencies on
system dot web. And I
S but, and, and a
lot of that drove the
architecture and with, you know,
web API is coming out
and saying, Hey, look, we,
we want to run self
hosted as well. It was
like, Oh no, what did
we do? And a lot
of people were, you know,
questioning the sanity of having
to go back and do
a rearchitecting or stuff, something
like that. But for us,
you know, we felt that
Owen was really important, self
hosted web APIs and stuff
like that. You know, are
they a big going to
be a big part of
our future and hence the
work we needed to do
so now that we've almost
finished this CTP work that
we've, that we've been doing
either Nick or I, or
someone from the community or
whatever else can now develop
the web API plugins and
know they look the exact
same work that I do
is going to work. Whether,
you know, you're hosting NIS
or, you know, self hosted,
which was really important. One
of my favorite things on
windows is, is the mini
profiler that Sam saffron and
the guys at stack overflow
did. I'm a huge fan
of that. And it's got
plugins for entity framework and
linked to sequel and, and
WCF most recently, but it's
not something that he's working
on full time. He's, he's
updating it here and there.
And he's put some, some
news.net features in about three
months ago. But most recently
he's been adding in Ruby.
So I've got two questions.
One, what is your thinking
about, about a live production
time profiler, like mini profiler
that would talk to entity
framework or, or any kind
of SQL backend? That's the
question one, and noticing here
that Sam has checked in
Ruby support from many profiler
two days ago. How do
you see glimpse dovetailing with
him and also with Ruby
in general? Okay. So let's,
we'll start with, with one,
because it usually comes from
four too. So we, we
think that production type support
or profiling Allah mini profiler
is a very common usage
scenario. And one that we
actually support doing, of course,
we've had a beta tag
on glimpse since since day
one that will be coming
off very soon. And then
we'll be looking to add
more production support. Of course,
as soon as you start
profiling something, you, you begin
to add overhead into your
requests. So that's something that
we'll caution developers to be
careful about, but depending on
the scenario, one or two
milliseconds added onto every request
is probably not that big
of a deal. And that's
the kind of order of
magnitude of delay that we're
talking about by adding on
a simple, simple profiling. So
I think that kind of
covers off number one there.
And then for number two,
it's interesting that you mentioned
Ruby support. One of the
things that Anthony and I
have always worked on from
day one is a really
clean separation between the client
and the server. Everybody laughs
because glimpse looks so much
like Firebug originally glimpse was
supposed to be a Firefox
extension and a Chrome extension
and an extension. And it
was really out of sheer
laziness because none of us
wanted to learn how to
do that, develop those development
models that we decided to
go with Java script and
it worked everywhere and it
worked great. And we were
like, Hey, this, this is
better. But because we always
knew we were going to
have separate clients, the server
and the client are very,
very decoupled from each other.
So that means that now
we kind of have a
universal client, we need to
start looking at other servers.
And so if you actually
look at our GitHub page,
we have people who have
already donated or contributed a
PHP implementations of glimpse. Somebody
is working on a rack
version and somebody who's also
working on the equivalent of
rack and the Python world.
So we're looking at kind
of branching out into those
other areas, Anthony, and are
not experts in any of
those other technologies. Although we
may have to become a
then as we move forward.
But the w a world
where glimpse is kind of
universal across web development is
something that we would love
to see happen. We just
need to get all the
right pieces in place. All
right. That's cool. Do you
think that you're going to
always prefer.net or are you
guys going to work completely
independent? Okay. You're going to
give, if, if let's say
this blows up in the
PHP world or whatever, are
you going to respect those
guys the same? Yeah. I
think at the moment, the
client of glimpse is, is
in the.net client, but we've
talked about potentially pulling it
into its own repository and
moving on from there. Then
that means from a good
point of view, it has
this concept of like sub
repositories, which in like a
visual studio TFS world would
mean that it's almost like
you can have a TFS
project referencing another TFS project
and the code to be
included. And so for our
client, that makes a lot
of sense. And because it
means that any other service
side framework can just reference
this sub repository and they'll
get the lightest code as
they go along. And, you
know, in terms of we'll
have one have favoritism over
the other, you know, Nick
and I, you know, dot
net guys through and through,
as he said, we'll probably
starting to get our hands
dirty in some of the
other worlds, but, you know,
it's something that, you know,
our passions are in at
the moment. And, you know,
we're certainly not gonna let
it go by the wayside.
There's too many interesting things
happening in this space, not
to pay attention to.net. You
know, like for instance, a
job at plugin, you know,
has always made my mind
tick, you know, how cool
would it be to actually
show what's actually happening between
the connection to the cloud
from the client to the
server and, you know, the
various groups that are around
and all sorts of different
things. So, you know, a
lot of really interesting stuff's
happening in this space here
and now. Okay. Last question.
Are there any technical things
that you're bumping up against,
or you think that just
will never be solvable? Is
there something that you really
wish you could have done
and it's just not going
to happen? You know, we've,
we have actually had really
good access into the asp.net
team to get help with
all kinds of various things.
We run into a bit
of problems with writing to
the response stream, particularly because
the filters mechanism built into
asp.net feels a little, it's
kind of a King of
the Hill, right? Like one
guy will run to the
top and knock the other
guy off if they're not
playing nicely. And so we
run into problems where we're
mixing with other open source
or closed source extensions to
asp.net, and that will kind
of mess things up. And
we're constantly kind of dancing
around that. We're also trying
to get deeper and deeper
into the view engines. And
so that's kind of a
little bit of a slow
and arduous process, but we've
been, we've been working with
some of the guys on
those teams to see what
access we can and can't
get, Has the open sourcing
of the web stack helped
at all. I mean, it's
good that you keep saying,
we talked to those guys
and were able to get
a hold of these guys
and gals, but have you
ever had, have you ever
had to just not even
call anybody because all the
sources just out there, Oh,
all the time. And that's
always been true even before
the big open source announcement,
because primarily our focus has
been on NBC. We do
support web forms, but to
be honest with you, we
could do a much better
job there. And that's something
that we're looking to improve,
but NBC has been open
sourced since since day one
for at least its bumps
has been around. So we've
always kind of had access
to the source code. So
I think it's great that
that development has happened. And
I think that great things
are happening in the Danette
community for open source at
Microsoft, at red gate. I
want to see it happening
at other places as well,
but that, that didn't really
change us because of our
focus. Okay. One thing that
does come to mind, however,
on that front is the
open sourcing of MVC for
instance means that if there
is somewhere in the pipeline
that would like to be
able to hook in, you
know, if we can have
a discussion with the guys
and say, Hey, look, this
is our thoughts around what
we could do differently to
be able to hook in
easily more easily for us,
so many profile or whoever
else. And they go, yeah,
that sounds like a cool
idea. We can actually do
that development and, you know,
submit the code for that.
And that may not be
a Microsoft priority, but it's
a priority for us. And
as long as everyone's on
the same page, you know,
it's code that we can
commit. So, you know, that,
that does make me really
excited about what's what's happened
at the moment. All right.
Very cool. So people can
still go and get glimpse
and hear about glimpse@getglimpse.com and
you've got new good packages
and you've got great documentation
and you've got an active
Google groups since you've got
benefactors. I don't suppose you
have a tip jar, so
we really don't need to
help you there anymore. Do
we? No, you don't what
we're doing. All right. All
right. That's great. Well, congratulations
guys. And thanks for, let
me know what was going
on. I was a little
worried about you there for
a minute. Thanks for having
a son. Scott, thank you
for caring, Scott. This has
been another episode of Hansel
minutes and we'll see you
again next week.